we're talking about this so so Chris and
I'm talking about different like ways to
protect yourself from heavy banding so
heavy bands have always been something
like I don't know every time you see
like one of those pull-up assist bands
you see somebody go I wonder if I could
use it for a bicep curl and they go to
curl it in their wrist twist or they go
to do a push up with it and as soon as
they push themselves away like the risks
are being twisted like this and they're
damaging their joint it's not
comfortable not hard on your hands right
100% you're just if you go heavy you you
just can't use them with the x3 bar you
can right onto it right the bar makes on
the bar is just a way to manage the
power of the band and then I get I
probably get 10 emails a day hey you
need to come up with a dumbbell design
you know just a single handle but wait
where do you handle more weight barbells
are dumbbells right of course Oh 20%
more yeah yeah there's plenty of
research on this why I don't know cuz
you're balanced ah functionally your
body knows if you're gonna deal with
something heavy
you're not gonna deal with it with one
hand so it actually causes neural
inhibition like like you have you got
something heavy to pick up would you
pick up two heavy things does that
functionally make sense huh no it
doesn't make sense and like also that's
like part of that that myth is like the
idea that when you curl you have to get
your pinky up to like really build a
peak your bicep total fall sort of
fitness that's not true there's no
research that shows that that'll do it
anyways fine right you could curl like
this like it just you know like a hammer
like it doesn't matter like you're
shortening the muscle if we were going
to get all the rest out because I have
heard that and you're hurting your is
gonna do that no it kills it kills right
right there's no good reason for that
kind of dumbbell work and it's
coincidentally the strongest people in
the world pretty much don't use
dumbbells they're they get their
strength from the barbell so like that
is why and like I told you I do
developed x3 so that you kind of can't
use it wrong like can't do a wide grip
chest press because white grip chest
press is good for a contest not good for
growing your chest so it is like
everything was done in a way so that you
you're gonna get strong whether you pay
attention or not that's interesting
he said the strongest people in the
world it took a second to fit to same
hand about it but you're talking about
like this the world's strongest man and
right and all the power lifters and
right they get like a guys were really
like I'm gonna be the strongest guy out
there yeah they're always doing barbells
yeah I always do with dry hands two legs
right your whole body is going into them
Yeah right interesting right